What are your symptoms?
Here, take this back
One tablet a day
Just take it with water.
What are the symptoms next?
Here's your next one.
Here you are.
Ok next
We're done.
Yeah, it's all done.
This mother has not been diagnosed yet
Let my mother wait so long
You are brave
That's not except for treating you
Is there anything else to discuss with you?
What are you doing?
Mingyue, you don't want to be listed to pick up customers.
Could it be a hobby?
And let me tell you something.
I have a mother
But I just listen to your heartbeat
Rapid heart rate
Do you usually have dizziness and palpitations?
Yes, yes!
You are high blood pressure
Usually pay attention to your diet
Take one pill a day.
Oh yes, remember to lose weight.
Okay, I'm done watching for you.
I heard Xiaoqing say how many days it has been
It's the Oroi Competition of Yixiangyuan
I have a few good ideas
May as well listen to Mother Wang
If I help you get the most benefit
Just give me back my body salesperson
Look, you still have some real ability
I can give you a chance.
But this chance
Only once
If I'm not satisfied with what you do
Consequences you know
Mother Wang, I think so.
Good idea.